(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Hello?
Where are you?
What?
I'm crying.
Should I cry by myself again?
Don't cry.
I'll be there.
I'll be there. Stay right there.
- He's running out. - No.
Wait.
Jun Su! Jun Su!
Ma Jin Joo!
Oh, no...
Ban Do. No...
Stay with me, Ban Do.
Honey!
No. No...
No.
No. Get up.
Get up.
No, no...
Honey!
Honey.
Get up.
Get up!
Ban Do.
(Operating room)
No...
What are you doing?
It's alive again.
It is, but...
did I water it too much?
It's not looking well.
You have to water it consistently.
It can't take it, if you water it too much at once.
Come out, honey.
You said your hands and feet hurt. I'll massage them for you.
- Let me finish cleaning first. - Okay.
Please call his family. He needs surgery now.
I'm his family.
I'll sign the form. Please operate on him now.
A friend can't sign this form.
We need to know his blood type and his medications.
I know them.
His blood type is A.
He has asthma.
He's allergic to peaches.
I'm really his family.
Please hurry.
What if something happens to him?
Ban Do!
Where is he?
- Where is Ban Do? - Goodness.
Is he here?
Mother.
Hey.
You didn't shave yourself clean again.
Goodness, you and your impatience.
You can't visit Choi Ban Do.
Well...
The operation went well, and he's recovering.
Why can't I see him?
You're right,
but only family members can see him.
What?
Can I see him today?
No, not yet.
Is he really okay?
He's recovering.
You keep saying that.
No visitors allowed means he's not well.
Well...
Mother.
Ban Do's girlfriend?
Pardon?
Yes.
I'm Ma Jin Joo.
You have a pretty name.
I was so out of it that day, I couldn't talk to you.
You like Ban Do a lot, don't you?
I was shocked because you cried more than I did.
Ban Do woke up,
and he's okay now.
The hospital won't allow visitors.
Don't worry, and go home.
I'll call you when you can visit him.
Take care.
Mother.
Is he really okay?
I believe Ban Do's surgery went well,
and he's recovering fast thanks to your prayers.
Don't worry.
Yes. Okay, Mother.
Okay.
Bye.
What did she say?
She says we don't have to come too early for the New Year.
Because your father will nag at us...
to have a baby.
Gosh, Dad.
Don't mind him.
I don't.
I love it when...
your mother calls me "our Jin Joo".
Our Jin Joo?
She doesn't call me "my daughter-in-law".
She calls me our Jin Joo.
I think she's doing that so I wouldn't feel left out.
Anyway, I like that.
Please...
don't worry.
Thank you.
She went home.
She comes because she's worried about you.
Why won't you see her?
You even risked your life to save her.
Anyway, she's so nice and pretty.
She is.
- Mom. - Yes?
Remember this even if you don't remember.
She was really good to you.
You keep talking nonsense.
Goodness.
Get some more rest.
Ban Do.
Jin Joo.
Did you see Ban Do?
No, because he isn't allowed to see visitors.
What?
What do you mean?
I'm here because Ban Do told me to come.
Let's get a divorce.
We're too unhappy together.
I am unimaginably unhappy.
I like being in your arms the most.
Hey, you're here.
Ban Do.
Why?
Why did you do that?
I thought...
you were going to die.
My world became blank,
and I couldn't breathe.
In that short moment,
I was so scared...
and afraid.
Every cell in my body was frozen.
Like when my mom died.
I couldn't do anything...
because I wasn't your family.
They said I wasn't family.
I couldn't give consent to your surgery.
My husband of 18 years was dying.
It was just for a surgery.
Why did you?
Why did you avoid me?
I'm sorry.
Why are you doing this to me?
When...
I thought I was going to die,
I could see then...
what I was doing...
to others for my own selfish good.
That's what you said...
to Doctor Park's wife.
You said that there are more days to live than the days we have lived.
We don't know how to go back anyway.
Jin Joo.
Let's forget everything...
and continue living here with your mother.
What?
I thought I could make it work if I was sincere to you.
But it wasn't like that.
I don't think I can make you happy.
What about Seo Jin?
Are you...
giving up on him?
Are you?
To me,
you, who is my heart, are more important...
than my son, who has filled up my mind.
We found this at the scene of the accident.
Is it yours?
Yes.
Seo Jin.
I like being in your arms the most.
Why are you so adorable these days?
Let's go.
Daddy's so sorry.
I'm sorry, Seo Jin.
I'm sorry.
Jin Joo is stuck to you like glue today as well.
Jin Joo, why are you crying?
Jin Joo. Jin Joo, wake up.
Someone's at the door.
Who?
A man.
What is this about? You didn't even call me.
What? I...
If I had called you to play with me, you would've refused.
I... I'm not feeling well today.
It's my birthday today.
Just hang out with me for a day.
That's him. The chairman's son.
He looks rich, doesn't he?
I give up.
Bo Reum, wait for me!
Slow down, Sul. You might fall.
I won't.
Are you practicing again?
You said you have nationals soon.
Yes.
You'll be the center again, right?
I don't know that.
I need to take the audition.
Gosh, you're being humble.
If you don't, who can?
It'll be nice...
if Jae Woo gets better and becomes your partner.
That can't happen in just a few days.
It's fine.
Let's go.
(Audition for the Nationals)
(Asura Cheerleading Squad)
Stop.
You're good. You did great,
but you can't be the center. You'll be a part of the ensemble.
All right. Thank you.
Well done.
It seems like you're the only candidate for the center.
Next?
Yes.
What? You're going too?
I could at least take the audition, right?
All right. Go on.
Yes.
(Asura)
(Asura Cheerleading Squad)
Why aren't you mentioning my dear Jae Woo?
What if he does make it?
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Gosh.
Gosh, that hurts.
Stop.
Jae Woo, you've become so much better.
Thank you.
Well done.
But you can't be the center. You'll be the ensemble.
Ensemble?
I can't. I need to be the center.
What?
It's nothing.
(Asura Cheerleading Squad)
Where are we going?
And what is that?
A picnic.
A picnic?
Yes.
On your birthday, the birthday boy can do whatever they want.
Well,
that's true, but...
This is the list of people going to the nationals.
(Ensemble: Yoon Bo Reum, Ahn Jae Woo)
(Audition for the Nationals)
Yoon Bo Reum, why did you do that?
You did that on purpose, didn't you?
Why would you be a part of the ensemble?
(Preliminary Result)
Jae Woo.
What's wrong?
You made a mistake on purpose, didn't you?
I'm the one who wasn't good enough. Why would you do that?
Why do you want to make me look weird?
What's weird about that?
Is it weird to want to be partners with my boyfriend?
But we need to draw a line between public and private matters.
I'm looking like a stumbling block for you.
This isn't a matter of life and death.
You're not a stumbling block.
This is a way for me to get to you.
- What? - I want to be your partner...
more than becoming the center.
You tried very hard...
to get to where I am.
The process is more important than the result.
If you can't reach me after trying so hard, I can go.
What's the problem?
What's important is the heart.
You fool.
I always have to spell it out for you.
Come on.
Ta-da.
Aren't you hungry? Eat this.
Did you prepare this yourself?
Of course.
I prepared everything myself early this morning.
Wow, you don't look like the type,
but you must be a good cook.
Goodness.
Look at how you rolled them up.
You're very good.
Let's see.
Tteokbokki?
You really prepared this yourself? Sundae?
I can believe that you made some gimbap,
but not tteokbokki and sundae.
You bought these.
Yes.
I said I prepared them myself.
I didn't say I cooked.
Oh, sure.
But still,
I put them in the lunch box myself.
You can pop the sides on some of them.
Make it look homemade.
Yes, all right.
I'm making them look sloppy on purpose.
You can just bring them.
You didn't have to put these in a lunch box.
You were going to tell me the truth anyway.
I didn't put them in there to lie to you.
I wanted to make it feel more like a picnic.
Like Mom's lunch box.
I haven't been to a place like this...
with a lunch box since when I was very young.
This is good.
Have some.
Who is it?
- Ta-da. - Hey.
What's going on?
You guys are here too.
We didn't want to go to class, so I brought all of them here.
Goodness.
Are you okay?
Finals are coming up soon.
Why did you get into a car accident?
I'm not okay. This really hurts.
I heard you had a surgery.
Read these if you get bored.
Anyway, what's that?
Oh, this?
This isn't yours.
It's ours.
What is it?
My goodness.
You're all something.
How did you think of getting this on your way to a hospital?
I know you're all very young,
but you really have no common sense.
Hey.
If you have common sense, stop taking that. You're sick.
It's not manners to alcohol...
to not have any when you're in front of it.
It's your fault for bringing this.
While we're at it,
- let's make a toast! - Cheers!
- Gosh. - All right!
We had to get some because of him.
Stop crying. You look awful.
You should be honored to do something for your country.
You're annoying.
You'll be...
What about me?
I can't serve in the army. I'm an only child.
What did this country ever do for me anyway?
I don't want to go!
No, forget it.
It's okay.
Two years will pass by in a flash.
Yes, we'll hang out with you even when we become juniors.
Leave him alone.
It won't be any use no matter what you say.
He'll need to deal with that time.
He's a part of the sensitive forces now.
Not the reserve forces?
It begins with the draft notice, until you actually get enlisted.
Stage one.
- Denial. - Denial?
No, this is wrong.
I know I was born early, but I can't get drafted now.
Something is definitely wrong.
Stage two.
Anger.
Why me?
Why did it have to be me?
You and you weren't drafted.
Why do I have to go first?
Stage three. Compromise.
Stage four. Depression.
Ban Do.
You can take this.
- A soldier can't wear a necklace. - Sure.
Sul. This isn't jerky.
Bo Reum.
Tie your hair with this. This is limited-edition.
I'll talk to you later.
The final stage.
Acceptance. Acknowledgement.
Hey.
What's he doing now?
He's memorizing your phone numbers.
What?
Hey, don't you dare call me.
I'll block you right away.
Don't pity me.
I heard you got hurt trying to save Jin Joo.
It could've been really bad, right?
It wasn't that bad.
It could've been really bad.
The crazy love of Ban Do.
He even put out his life.
What?
Whose love are you talking about?
The love between you and Jin Joo.
Didn't you know?
You and Jin Joo like each other.
Didn't you guys know?
We did.
You'd be a fool not to know.
Let's go.
Hey.
Thank you for that day.
The day of the accident. You called the 911 for us.
I didn't help him to be thanked by you. Why are you thanking me?
He should be thankful.
Well,
he's my friend. That's why.
The last time, I saved you,
but Choi Ban Do,
that guy came and thanked me.
What?
When you should thank me,
he thanked me.
And when he should thank me,
you thanked me.
I wonder what's so heartbreaking for you two.
I don't even have a chance.
- Hey... - Let's go.
There's another place I want to go.
Excuse me, ma'am.
What brings you to a market instead of a department store?
I heard the food is fresh here, so I decided to check it out.
I see.
Give me some small anchovies.
You bought a lot the last time. Did you finish them already?
My kids won't eat breakfast, you know.
But I made them rice balls with some anchovies,
and they liked it.
Really? Maybe I should do that for my kids too.
- They never want to eat breakfast. - Exactly.
Give me some more.
My gosh.
- Take it. - Okay.
It's really small to me now.
The playground.
It's nothing much.
It's a playground. Of course, it's nothing much.
Did you think there would be a ghost?
It was the one place I dreaded the most.
The playground?
Yes.
When you're a kid, you'd be playing here.
Then your friends will leave one by one when their moms come.
But I was always left alone in an empty playground.
It was scary how my friends leave me one by one...
and how no one would come even if I continued to wait.
That's why I never came here.
It's not like I asked for much.
I wanted what everyone else had. I just wanted a normal life.
Mom.
That's the only thing I wished for.
But she wouldn't do that for me.
Just because everyone does it,
and because it's a normal thing to do,
doesn't mean it's easy.
Living as a mom...
looks like a simple thing that everyone does,
but actually it's something incredible.
It feels like...
your past, present, and future...
are disappearing.
And your existence...
in this world...
seems useless...
and insignificant.
Gosh, it's hot.
You're pressured to become...
the strongest person in the world.
It's not easy.
You're doing something profound.
It's not that your mom didn't do it,
she probably couldn't.
Because she's human.
I don't know what to make of you.
But being with you...
makes me at ease.
You make me feel like I'm a warm person.
Now that I really like you,
I finally realize...
where your heart is.
Ban Do. No...
Honey!
Honey.
Get up.
Get up!
I better...
tell you this now.
I...
really like you a lot.
I just want you to know that.
You don't even know that you're pretty.
[VIU Ver] E12 Go Back Couple "My Dear Comrade"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Thank you...
for liking me.
Thanks for letting me know that I'm still...
a woman.
By the way, you don't know yourself.
You don't know what a warm-hearted person you are.
- What? - You just don't realize it.
A crying kitten.
Lonely people.
You notice people's wounds.
You aren't ill-tempered.
You aren't twisted.
You grew up well.
Today isn't your birthday, is it?
- What? - I saw your ID earlier...
when you dropped your wallet.
Then am I your first love?
Does that make you happy?
Kind of.
It's nice to be someone's first love.
It feels good to have someone...
who is rooting for you without even knowing it.
It's nice.
You were like that to me before.
And you're still like that.
Thank you, and I'm sorry.
I'll take you home.
It's okay.
It'll be perfect to say goodbye here.
Also I don't want to leave you here alone.
So you should go.
All right.
Bye.
- Jin Joo. - Yes, Mom?
Where have you been?
Did you go somewhere nice?
Well... I went to Han River...
and other places.
Jin Joo.
Yes?
Do you want to have a drink with me?
What?
This is nice.
I didn't know you drank.
I've never seen you drink before.
Of course!
I could drink...
better than any man in my neighborhood.
That's interesting.
It turns out that you're good at dancing,
singing,
and drinking.
I was a born dancer, singer, and drinker.
You're pretty.
You're so pretty.
What? Me?
Yes.
I really wanted to tell you that.
You're pretty too.
You're so pretty.
Of course. I'm your daughter.
- Don't look at me - Don't look at me
- With those sad eyes - With those sad eyes
- The days are gone - The days are gone
- But I won't forget them - But I won't forget them
- When it rains like today - When it rains like today
- The old memories - The old memories
- Will come back to me - Will come back to me
- Don't look at me - Don't look at me
- With those sad eyes - With those sad eyes
- The days are gone - The days are gone
- But I won't forget them - But I won't forget them
You're the best.
You're a singer.
Jin Joo.
Yes?
My pretty daughter.
Yes.
I'm your pretty daughter.
You should...
go back to your baby now.
Mom.
Come out, honey. You said your hands and feet hurt.
I'll massage them for you.
- Let me finish cleaning first. - Okay.
(Dear Mom)
She's acting strange.
Your birthday is coming up.
I guess it's because of that.
(Mom's voice)
(To Mom whom I love)
Mom?
You've never been in my dreams.
I'm lucky today.
It was nice to see you again.
Mom.
Oh, my.
Gosh, she's so pretty.
You would...
love to see my son.
Seo Jin.
You've been through a lot.
Thank you for giving birth to me.
Go to a club.
Go to a public bath with Mom.
Go to a karaoke with Mom.
Drink with Mom.
Say goodbye...
to Mom.
Who is this Seo Jin?
You must have liked him so much.
Mom.
Yes? Tell me.
Let's go to a public bath.
I'll scrub your back.
What?
One's mind flows like water
Mom.
Do you want to go to a karaoke?
I don't know what's happening.
I don't know what this is.
But I know this.
You can live without your parents,
but you can't live without your child.
You don't need to cry.
Deal with whatever makes you sad.
You'll become hard.
That's how it is.
I can't become hard.
I can't get used to it.
I'm constantly sad.
I miss you constantly.
How can I do that?
Mom.
You can do it...
if you raise a child.
You can do it.
Mom.
Mom. Mom.
Where are you going?
I need some fresh air.
I'll walk around for a bit.
Don't go too far.
Can we go home now?
Yes, we're going home now.
(The Decision for the City Planning)
(Let's Make Our Houses into Apartments)
(Redevelopment Area)
(Passed Qualifications)
Honey.
Let's go.
Let's go home.
Are you going to school?
- Yes. - Your father...
is going to retire.
You don't need to worry about it.
Okay.
Will you be okay without breakfast?
Yes, I'll be fine.
Then take this.
Eat them on the way to school.
(5th National Cheerleading Championship)
(National Cheerleading Championship for University Students)
(Dancing Queen of Hankook University Bo Reum, I trust you!)
Don't get nervous. I'm here.
Next,
it's the cheerleading squad from Hankook University, Asura.
Bo Reum! Bo Reum is over there.
Bo Reum!
Ahn Jae Woo! Hey!
Bo Reum! Bo Reum! Yoon Bo Reum!
They don't go along well together,
but somehow, they look nice together.
Bo Reum is out of his league,
but I don't want them to part.
Me neither.
They should date forever, until they die.
- Ahn Jae Woo! - Yoon Bo Reum!
You look so cool, Jae Woo!
(National Cheerleading Competition)
It's okay, Dok Jae.
Sir, please.
Make it look good.
Please make it look as good as possible.
You're shaving your head. I can't make you look good.
Oh, no.
That hurts.
I was born as a man
And there are many things I must do
Will you please be quiet?
(Barber shop)
Gosh, it's so cold. My hair!
My neck is so cold. My hair!
Here.
Thank you.
One for you, Jin Joo.
Honey, what about me?
Eat whatever's there.
I'll cook it for you again later.
Eat up.
Yes, thank you.
Let's eat.
Jin Joo.
Yes.
If I'm not around anymore in the place...
where you're going...
Yes?
If that's the case,
take good care of your dad.
What?
How...
would your dad live without me?
Go visit him from time to time,
have a drink with him,
and bring Seo Jin around often too.
Will you do that?
Father.
I brought your favorite, skate.
Why did you do that?
I know you don't want to get remarried.
Jin Joo's mom...
asked me to not live a lonely life.
That's why I said that.
Please take care of your dad.
Hey.
I have a question.
May I ask?
Ask away.
What is it?
Why did Bo Reum and Jae Woo break up?
What?
Hey, we're about to leave.
And that's the question you ask?
You know nothing about romance. Goodness.
I mean, I got more curious...
after seeing how lovey-dovey they were here.
What is it?
Bo Reum is infertile.
She can't have babies.
Oh, I see.
But still, why didn't she say so?
Why did she leave him like that?
Jae Woo is an only child of three generation.
How can she tell him that?
She just let him go...
for him to meet someone better.
So that's why you comforted her so much.
I knew the reason.
It wasn't easy for us to meet our son too.
You're right.
Shall we go, then?
Let's go meet Seo Jin.
Shall we kiss?
I love you.
Me too.
Seo Jin. Seo Jin.
Seo Jin.
My son, Mommy is here.
Mommy is here, Seo Jin.
Mommy is here.
Honey.
Seo Jin.
Let me have him.
Mommy, Mommy.
Come here.
Ban Do said that...
we might have taken a short trip.
And that we go on a trip...
to return home...
and to cherish and love...
what we have.
How much do you make in a year?
That must be very important to you.
Of course. We aren't here for a date. We're discussing a marriage.
Then you must make quite a lot.
My dream is to become a housewife.
A housewife.
I believe the life of a lawyer is in their looks.
So that's why I always use a facial mask a day.
But it looks like you don't manage your looks.
You have a lot of wrinkles on your neck.
What a crazy guy.
Hey.
Are you challenging me?
You look like a wasted gum.
How dare you tell me that I have wrinkles?
I don't believe you.
My gosh, you really got me worked up.
What do you want?
Let's go, Seo Jin. Let's go.
- Let's go. - Come in.
Goodness, you're so adorable.
Peek-a-boo.
- My baby, you're so adorable. - Mommy.
- Do you want Mommy? - This.
- This? - Do you like that?
Put him down. You'll get tired.
Give him to me. He's too heavy for you.
It's okay. I can hold him.
I waited all week to see him.
Right, Seo Jin?
Shouldn't she be here soon?
I know.
Really? They're back together?
They're getting married.
Bo Reum and Jae Woo.
Gosh.
I guess they were destined to be together.
What about having kids then?
They won't have kids.
They said they'd travel and live freely.
That's cool.
By the way,
we went back and went through all that,
but we're still the same.
- Nothing changed. - I know.
You said your parents were coming.
They'll be here soon.
- What a nice car. - It's an expensive one.
- Hey. What? - What?
- Mr. Kim. Wait outside. - Yes, sir.
Mom.
What...
Why are you staring?
Well...
What's up with your clothes?
And this car?
What? What about our clothes?
What's wrong?
Aren't those expensive?
Do you have money to burn or something?
You punk.
Yes. I have money to burn.
Are you trying to tell me that you're the one who made me rich?
What?
Did you...
Pangyo?
Come on, Ban Do.
You told us to invest.
Yes. It worked.
Dad. Are we rich then?
Then why are we still living in that small apartment?
You punk.
I'm rich, not you.
Gosh.
Where is everyone? Let's go in.
Goodness.
I forgot to bring kimchi for them.
Why am I so forgetful these days?
Am I getting Alzheimer's?
Alzheimer's my foot.
We aren't even 70 yet.
We're still young.
If I get Alzheimer's,
send me to a nursing home.
Send you to a nursing home?
No way.
You have me.
I can carry you on my back.
Let's go.
All right, honey.
My baby. You're smiling because you like me.
Goodness.
No. He smiled because he looked at me.
Right?
Peek-a-boo.
No, he looked into my eyes.
And then he smiled.
No, he looked at me.
Mineral spring.
Right, Seo Jin?
You smiled at me every day, right?
- Look at him. - Honey.
Let's move.
Let's move next to their place.
What are you saying?
- Goodness. - Mineral spring.
Peek-a-boo.
Hi, honey.
I'm sorry.
I can't go home again because of a conference.
I'm sorry. I have a date with my wife today.
You've been married for so long. Do you still love her that much?
Of course.
She is pretty and kind. To me, she's perfect.
Yes.
Honey.
My wife is here. Bye.
- Hi, honey. - Have you been waiting long?
No.
- Have you eaten yet? - No, not yet.
- Aren't you cold? - No, I'm okay.
What do you want to eat?
Well...
- Anything. - Anything?
- Let's have steak. - Okay!
Okay!
- Honey. - Honey, what are you doing?
- Shall we kiss first? - Kiss? Okay.
- Do you know her? - What?
Well... No...
(Travel Outside the World)
Hi. Is it you, Sul?
Where are you?
I'm in Madagascar.
Did you receive my book?
Yes.
You're amazing, Sul.
Great. I'll call you when I'm back in Korea.
Okay.
Who was it?
- Was it Sul? - Yes.
Well...
Mada... What did she say?
It ends with "car". She's somewhere there.
That's amazing.
She was the most soft-hearted, but she's a tough woman now.
I know.
Aren't you proud of her?
Hello?
- Yes? - I'm calling from the court.
If you don't submit the divorce papers...
to the district office within three months, they'll be nullified.
Okay.
- Hey. - Il Won.
Wait for daddy.
All right.
It's dangerous to go off alone.
1, 2, 3.
Let's go.
Mommy's here.
Someone who will courageously...
stand by my side forever without hesitation...
when I have to face the world.
We survive in this tough world...
with comradeship.
(Episode 12: My Dear Comrade)
(50 years ago in the celestial world)
When two strangers are living together,
how can it always be good?
It's not like we're divinities who have mastered everything.
What did you just say, woman?
I called you a cheapskate, Cheapskate.
How rude.
How dare you call me...
I'm a divine being. What's wrong with you?
You're my husband.
And I'm a divine being too.
You aren't the only one.
I married you because you begged me to marry you.
How can you forget our wedding anniversary?
You forgot because you don't want to buy me a gift.
You cheapskate.
Stop calling me cheapskate.
Do you know how miserable I am because I met you?
My life is ruined because of you.
- Let's get a divorce. - Let's get a divorce.
This one is pretty.
Show us this one.
Isn't it pretty?
This is a divine ring that makes your wishes come true.
Really?
- Can I try it on? - Of course.
There.
- Can I try it on too? - Yes.
Thank you.
Let's get this.
We'll take these.
Please don't ever let us be apart.
(Go Back Couple)